Add hosting option to docs (#145)
mckinsey/vizro: vizro-ai/README.md

## Disclaimer

Please review the [Disclaimer](https://vizro-ai.readthedocs.io/en/latest/pages/explanation/disclaimer/) before using `vizro-ai` package.

## Documentation

> Here is the link to the [Documentation](https://vizro-ai.readthedocs.io/en/latest/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, please refer to our [Documentation](https://vizro-ai.readthedocs.io/en/latest/).
```
